so let's get into rhinos and cows what
makes the difference between a
rhinoceros and a cow we like to use this
animal analogy basically because it
explains everybody that we deal with in
the jungle of life you have two people
in the world there's really only two
types there's rhinos and there's cows
all right
I would much rather be surrounded by a
bunch of rhinos happy energetic
motivated rhinos then a bunch of lazy
grazing cows okay so here's a rhinoceros
and some ways to determine if you're a
rhinoceros rhinoceros wakes up in the
morning and can't wait to accomplish her
day okay the cow hits news 10,000 times
and dreads going to work getting out of
bed going on to whatever they're gonna
do with their life okay now in the
wintertime is it easy to get out of bed
no but Molly and I have fixed that
because we have cow alarm clocks coming
soon so every time you hit snooze it
moves at you okay but the issue is that
if you enjoy what you do in life and if
you're motivated you wake up and you
want to accomplish more and more and
more and the more you accomplish the
more you seek to accomplish so that's
number one number two rhinos hang out
with other rhinos they hang out with
busy people people that are too busy to
watch Dancing with the Stars people that
are too busy to watch American Idol okay
rhinos are very busy people who don't
set their life based on a TV show or
based on I have to eat dinner at 6
o'clock or I have to be exactly here
Rhinos a lot of times they're late and
that's not a bad thing they're so late
because they have 10,000 things going
like all the rhinos that were in the
front row okay so rhinos always have a
lot going on
cows tend to like the status quo they
don't want to change things okay if you
face change and you resist it you that's
your kal tendency coming out because
guess what change is inevitable change
happens every minute every day and if
you don't adapt to change you become the
victim of change
you